all right
with which I am a little shy but
I am also very studious and when I
I propose something I get it my dream is to be
a great singer like pit bull and win the
kid academy and accept
juan angel, do you want daddy
we know that you can already
you are a champion we love you all city
valleys supports you kisses
Right
I like it
things and live single women and
baskets
to
with a very good measure admirer more
sincere I like the high ones and the
short skinny the fat ones
inflexibly single without life without
numbering of applicants recipes and with
the consultations I like the funny ones
Mexicans to their best values ​​that
have more
and this is his first presentation in
this is the first gala of the chain
we need to work hard on his look
they are looking a lot down towards the
floor we need to work on your physique
You sing awesome but I need a lot
more interpretation the voice you have that
you have to know, we're going for the
interpretation because I think you have
a very nice voice very nice that is
you can hear
I think
and you have to work very hard
because you have a lot of hot
look
you have to work a little on grabbing
grab air because it's the song is
difficult is very difficult
for font before
bojan and regret
you know there has to be
sentenced
never lose the intention in the face
and the physicist that I feel
you're going to work a lot because you have
some amazing I like right
all day ok I love you so much
to dreams this singer's career
it's always going to be like this you are a child
you are a young man
We just beginning has been the same
we were starting many doors
they closed but your door does not close
you have to really want to continue
achieving your dream ok but for me it is
sentenced I have to confess that I
I was with him yesterday in the
I miss you very much
much